[Music]
what's up everybody its me the dud and
I've got ruble browser with me and we're
gonna try the perfect captain now I
realized I just started it and I said oh
my gosh I forgot to record the intro so
I come back I came back and we're going
to restart it again
I didn't start playing it but anyway
yeah this is like going in arena where I
have no life so I came to get hit once
so I have a feeling that I'm going to
not do so she's very good we'll try it
out perfect captains
got ice ice cannon storm in a bottle you
got caisson man and one fitted nice
cannons oh my gosh look at all those
guys fight stage 1 I should have played
this with stink bomb
right
you know what I'll do I'll use my miners
guys to do some of my attacking right
that's wrong right cuz I'll just use my
miner guys and I think I could have like
up to four at once this is good Oh
awesome
oh this is so easy oh I don't like that
guy oh these levels are hard though what
does it matter if you're on level you
can get it
avoid the ice cannons over here they are
here they come up you stop right there
they still come or they can't get in I
can afford at once I wish I could level
up and it Cupid get them from me miners
ah miners you guys stay go get up guys
yes just about done I gotta get some
miners oh man watch out
ground
oh that was a close one are you standing
nice
I gotta get more guys out here I'm gonna
have three go on I cap cap I know this
way how about this am I gonna lose to a
Chompy seriously oh man
so many enemies I gotta watch out and
confuse these chomping for my miners man
this is a little tough why is it gonna
can't come through here right
is there a maser over here easily
nice one hand I got him down cool no
why did my miners they don't last very
long oh man dad I
No
Remy's loves that's good to hear
announcer this is uh I think this is
going to be the most challenging solo
survival mode
right now means Wow he holds up pretty
quick it's done I'm done I'm done
oh wow I thought it was done get him get
him Jim guys good job guys Papa's proud
of him final stage already on Epic I'm
actually really happy to see that it's
the final stage please don't fail I fail
I'm not even redoing this come on
no war they jump far huh
I gotta get to phew
come on anymore - come on four guys it's
very easy to avoid late
oh man I'm seriously afraid
like I'm afraid guys congratulations I
really I'm like starting to you know
oh I gotta get this belt always yet I
need a minor
there we go now get it
so minor
I'm like I need I need my kids to help
cuz they're minors
get it
there is ice
I thought there
please be graduating we'd be a
congratulations
wieners are you serious watch out
we got a hit he's got a strike okay I'll
get him get him get him
are you hold up why is he hugging yes
please be please be over now on a toilet
all aboard the ice cannons I don't care
if I fail not
this is this is the most challenging
I've ever done I was hit the ice cannon
didn't bother me
Oh thankfully thank you developers this
is not cool going to me I really wish I
had a solid
right
Oh God
I thought that was gonna like cheat and
get me out you know Shinda yes relations
oh my goodness oh yeah I'm proud that's
good three stars my fingers hurt wow
that was good guys
pat myself on the back if you don't mind
that I say so I'm like literally like
got Matt adrenaline I'm pumped up